# Predicting Drug–Target Interactions with Deep Convolutional Neural Networks by Combining Protein Evolutionary Information and Molecular Structures

Identification of drug-target interactions (DTIs) is the basis and an important process in drug discovery. However, detection of interactions among drugs and targets by traditional biological experiments is extremely costly, time-consuming and challenging even nowadays. Thus, it is urgent to develop computational models to predict potential DTIs on a large scale. In this study, we proposed a novel computational method to predict the potential interrelationship among drug molecules and target proteins. More specifically, the deep learning convolutional neural network (CNN) algorithm is used to excavate the discriminative features contained in the targeting protein sequences and the drug molecule fingerprint. Then the Extreme Learning Machine (ELM) model is constructed by feeding these two types of features. In the experiment, five-fold cross-validation is used to evaluate the performance of the proposed method on the benchmark datasets including enzymes, ion channels, G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) and nuclear receptors, respectively. The experimental results demonstrate that our approach achieves high accuracies of 94.19%, 90.95%, 87.95% and 86.11%, respectively. In addition, we also compare the proposed method with existing state-of-the-art methods. Excellent prediction performance suggest that our method can be used to predict new potential drug-target interactions for drug research.
